JUST GLOBAL MARKETS LTD. PRIVACY POLICY
1. INTRODUCTION
This Privacy Policy (hereinafter referred to as the “Policy”) describes the main aspects of how Just Global Markets Ltd. having its address at Office 10, Floor 2, Vairam Building, Providence Industrial Estate, Mahe, Seychelles, a company regulated by the Seychelles Financial Services Authority (“FSA”) under a Securities Dealer Licence number SD088 (hereinafter referred to as the “Company”) collects, uses and manages the personal information received from Clients, in connection with the provision of services.

One of the main priorities of the Company is the full security of Clients information. The Company does not allow this information to become open to the general public and to be used by a third party. The Company does not provide, sell, disclose, or give for temporary use Client's information and account details to third parties. The company values its reputation and respects the Company's Clients.

2. GATHERING THE INFORMATION
By opening an account the Client agrees to and accepts all of the provisions set forth in this Policy.

In order to open an account with the Company, the Client must first complete and submit an application form to the Company by providing the required information, which includes: full name, date of birth, country of residence, complete address, including phone number and city code etc. This information is given by the Client during the registration process through the Back Office. Gathering information is an obligatory condition for the beginning of a business relationship with the Company. The information that Clients provide to the Company may also be used by the Company to inform Clients regarding the Company's services.

3. PERSONAL DATA THAT IS COLLECTED BY THE COMPANY
Personal data, provided by Clients includes:
● information provided by the Client during the Back Office registration (full name, date of birth, country of residence, complete address, phone number and city code);
● documents that allows the Company verify the Client’s Back Office, namely government-issued identification documents (passport, national ID, driver's licence, or similar document) and documents that confirm the place of residence (utility bill (gas, water, electricity or other), bank statement or similar document) as mentioned in the Company’s AML Policy;
● documents that confirm money transfer (in case of bank transfer, based on the Company's decision);
● and any other information customarily used to identify the Client, if requested by the Company.

If you decide not to provide some data from this list, we may not be able to provide you with some requested services.

4. THE USE OF INFORMATION
Information given by the Client is used solely to provide quality services. For example, Client's contact information may be used in case the Company needs to contact the Client urgently or to inform the Client about the Company's updates and news. By providing information about himself, the Client verifies personal Back Office thus participating in bringing the AML policy to life.
Client's data is used to confirm the Client’s identity, to open trading and/or partner accounts, to quickly inform about new services of the Company, to maintain the database of customers' accounts, and to analyze statistical data for providing services and products of higher quality.

Personal data given by the Client can also be used for the following purposes:
● legal compliance;
● performance of a contractual obligations;
● marketing purposes.

5. INFORMATION PROTECTION
The Company uses advanced technologies to provide the security of personal data. The Company has put in place appropriate security measures to prevent accidental loss, use, unauthorized access, modification or disclosure of personal data. The Company employees maintain highest information security standards while processing personal information within the Company.